Support endless shell pipe streams (#2)
beatlabs/proton: README.md

  proton json [flags]

Flags:
  -f, --file string             Proto file path or url
  -h, --help                    help for json
      --indent                  Indent output json

>   -l, --line-separator string   Line separator string in case of piping data

Reviewer: I don't think it's a good idea to call it `line-separator` - it's rather a byte-stream split marker. Line-separator is something that does not make sense in bynary-format

Reviewer: other suggestions:

* --message-separator-marker
* --binary-stream-split

cat testdata/out.bin | proton json -f ./testdata/addressbook.proto
```

Multiple proto files from a producer with input messages piped
```shell script
./testdata/producer.sh | proton json -f ./testdata/addressbook.proto
```

### Usage with Kafka consumers

> Because Proto bytes can contain newlines (`\n`) and often do, we need to use a different line separator when consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Proto bytes can contain newlines (`\n`) and often do, we need to use a different marker to delimit the end of a message byte-stream and the beginning of the next.
```

Author: It's changed to a []byte in the code, I don't think this should matter for the caller

> Proton expects this separator to be on a new line, and expects `--END--` by default.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean here by `new line`

You can add separators with tool like Kafkacat, like so:

```shell script
kcat -b my-broker:9092 -t my-topic -f '%s\n--END--\n'
```

You can consume messages and parse them with Proton by doing the following:

```shell script
kcat -b my-broker:9092 -t my-topic -f '%s\n--END--\n' -o beginning | proton json -f ./my-schema.proto
```

**Don't see messages?**

If you execute the above command, but you don't see messages until you stop the consumer, you might have to adjust your buffer settings:
You can do this with the `stdbuf` command.

```shell script

> stdbuf -o0 kcat -b my-broker:9092 -t my-topic -f '%s\n--END--\n' -o beginning | proton json -f ./my-schema.proto

Reviewer 2: :+1: excellent docs/examples
